# Sprint 1 Retrospective with Fujitsu Developers 
1st April 2020
### Attendees
* Saima Butt
* Thomas Stanley
* Christippher Legg
* Emlia Driscoll
* Harrison Cannon
* Conor Henderson
* Joe Collins
* Jake Wych
* Ryan Gallery
* Daniel Ball

### Challenges
*	How to upload our resources to the community
*	Understanding GitHub
*	Communication between Autistica and Fujitsu
* Some devs not being around for all meetings
*	Playing catch up is taking time for some devs
* Resource avalabiility
*	Risk document
*	High Expectation
*	No agenda with all detail including times 
### What went well
*	Bringing dev back into the project
*	Highlighting issues and identifying plans and processes
*	Fridays demo meeting went well with good feedback
*	Good collaboration between the team
*	Good communication amongst Fujitsu
*	Everyone is supportive and helpful
*	Openess within the team to be able to raise issues
### Actions
1.	Record meetings for other devs (ST & CL)
2.	Update and send the sprint timeline to dev team (SB)
3.	Obtain more dev resources (ED)
4.	Create a slack channel (JC)
5.	Ensure all meetings sent to Autistica have Agenda plus Timeframes (SB + ED)


